RevivePotion 150 Eat 1000
Fully heals your pet! Can even revive a dead pet ZERO DEATHS!
Pizza 10 Eat 5
A delicious filling dish made typically of flattened bread dough with various toppings like meat or cheese. Hunger: 5
Meat 15 Eat 7
The segment of a fowl's leg between the thigh and tarsus. Hunger: 7
Apple 8 Eat 3
A sweet, edible fruit produced by an apple tree. A healthy treat! Hunger: 3
Carrot 5 Eat 2
A extremely popular vegetable, especially for rabbits. A healthy treat! Hunger: 2
SeedMix 8 Eat 4
Heard a new pet got added? Feed your hamster this, they'll love you. Hunger: 4
Bread 5 Eat 2
A very basic food made from flour, yeast and water, a perfect snack when not too hungry. Hunger: 2
Drink 9 Eat 8
Something to drink to get the food down! Very healthy. Hunger: 6
Pancakes 20 Eat 10
A pancake is a breakfast dish, a flat cake with yummy syrup and butter! Hunger: 10
Cheese 7 Eat 4
A dairy product derived from milk, hide it from your mouse! ... I've said too much. Hunger: 4
Fish 13 Eat 7
Caught sustainably from the pixel ocean! Healthy and delicious for any type of pet. Hunger: 7
Croissant 7 Eat 2
A layered yeast-leavened dough! Perfect for any occasion to fill a little bit of hunger. Hunger: 2
Watermelon 2 Eat 1
A large slice of watery, sweet deliciousness, never filling but tastes great! Hunger: 1
Soda 5 Eat 2
Something to drink to get the food down! Very unhealthy. Hunger: 2
tiktok 50 Design none
Thanks for all the support! Here's a trophe to say thanks.
Wall1 30 Design none
Change the landscape up! Add a simple blue background to your pen. It wall be great!
Wall2 30 Design none
Change the landscape up! Add a simple royal purple for you pet. It wall be great!
Wall3 40 Design none
Change the landscape up! Add a new background for your pet to see. It wall be great!
Wall4 50 Design none
Change the landscape up! Add a new background for your pet to see. It wall be great!
Door1 25 Design none
Pillar which can be used to seperate walled sections, and therefore used as a door.
Cactus1 25 Design none
A type of desert plant that has thick, leafless stems covered in prickly spines or sharp spikes. Type: Potted
Cactus2 20 Design none
A type of desert plant that has thick, leafless stems covered in prickly spines or sharp spikes. Type: Grounded
Grass 10 Design none
A vibrant area of grass and flowers, perfect to light up any area.
Flower1 15 Design none
A beautiful vibrant purple plant. Flowers are also called the bloom or blossom of a plant. Type: Potted
Flower2 5 Design none
Picked from the far mountains of Germany, this plant will brighten the pen. Type: Grounded
Flower3 10 Design none
Perfect potted plant which can light up any environment, it's more of a shrub than flower. Type: Potted
Rock 20 Design none
A naturally occurring solid mass or aggregate of minerals from Australia, it rocks!.
Tree1 25 Design none
A tall plant with a trunk and branches made of wood, perfect for a green environment.
Bush1 15 Design none
A large plant which is smaller than a tree and has a lot of branches, great for the environment! Type: Potted
Bush2 5 Design none
A large plant which is smaller than a tree and has a lot of branches, great for the environment! Type: Grounded
Computer 100 Design none
A computer is a machine or device that performs processes, calculations and operations based on instructions.
Arcade 200 Design none
A machine which contains loads of games, coming soon to play!
Chest 75 Design none
A box with a lid and often, a lock, for storing or shipping things, jammed for now!
Sign 15 Design none
Just a pretty plank of wood which can carry a message for your pet.
Fence 5 Design none
Block out anything bad or create sectioned off areas for your pet!
Barrel 15 Design none
Just a barrel, looks pretty but carries nothing! Makes a area look nice.
Torch 10 Design none
Pretty lit, adds some light to the space! Don't worry. No animals can get harmed
Table 30 Design none
Make your pen more home-y and add a table where your pet can eat and stay!
Pot1 20 Design none
A pretty addition to spice up an area, vibrant and full of colour!
Grave 20 Design none
A stele or marker, usually stone, that is placed over a grave. Dead rest below!
GingerbreadMan 30 Play bounce
A gingerbread toy shaped as a human, when placed will jump till picked up!
Duck 10 Play sound
Just a little duck! Squeaks when you place it down which pets love
Can 5 Play none
Uhhhh ... its pretty much just a can that does nothing but fun?
Box 5 Play none
Pretty much just a box, from bunnings. Cats loves it! It does nothing but is very fun.
RosewoodBall 10 Play none
A rosewood ball is a hamsters favorite toy! Try it out
Ball1 20 Play bounce
A tennis ball to play with your pet, drop it and it'll bounce in to your pet to get!
Basketball 20 Play bounce
Kobe! (RIP) Play some basketball with your pet, it bounces around
Mouse 20 Play none
Squeeaak! Don't worry its just a toy that sits there. No mice yet! ...
ChristmasTree 50 Seasonal none
Add some bang to your pen with a Christmas tree (Limited Time)
Reef 10 Seasonal none
An assortment of leaves and flowers to brighten up your pen! (Limited Time)
Present1 15 Seasonal none
Celebrate christmas by gift giving! (Limited Time)
Present2 10 Seasonal none
Celebrate christmas by gift giving! (Limited Time)
Stockings 20 Seasonal none
Empty for now, hopefully it gets filled up on christmas! (Limited Time)
Lights 25 Seasonal none
Brighten up your pen with some cute fairy lights (Limited Time)
CandyCane 10 Seasonal none
Careful, hopefully your pet doesnt eat this decoration (Limited Time)
